segundoParcial/filaB/ejercicio2ChainOfResponsability/Cliente.java
 segundoParcial.filaB.ejercicio2ChainOfResponsability.Cliente
segundoParcial/filaA/ejercicio1Memento/StorageOriginator.java
 segundoParcial.filaA.ejercicio1Memento.StorageOriginator
segundoParcial/filaA/ejercicio3Observer/RegisteredUser.java
 segundoParcial.filaA.ejercicio3Observer.RegisteredUser
segundoParcial/filaB/ejercicio1Memento/StateFile.java
 segundoParcial.filaB.ejercicio1Memento.StateFile
segundoParcial/filaA/ejercicio3Observer/IUser.java
 segundoParcial.filaA.ejercicio3Observer.IUser
segundoParcial/filaB/ejercicio3Observer/Person.java
 segundoParcial.filaB.ejercicio3Observer.Person
segundoParcial/filaA/ejercicio4Strategy/Cliente.java
 segundoParcial.filaA.ejercicio4Strategy.Cliente
segundoParcial/filaA/ejercicio4Strategy/OrderCI.java
 segundoParcial.filaA.ejercicio4Strategy.OrderCI
segundoParcial/filaB/ejercicio2ChainOfResponsability/Chat.java
 segundoParcial.filaB.ejercicio2ChainOfResponsability.Chat
segundoParcial/filaB/ejercicio4Strategy/OrderName.java
 segundoParcial.filaB.ejercicio4Strategy.OrderName
segundoParcial/filaB/ejercicio5State/Computadora.java
 segundoParcial.filaB.ejercicio5State.Computadora
segundoParcial/filaA/ejercicio5State/Computadora.java
 segundoParcial.filaA.ejercicio5State.Computadora
segundoParcial/filaA/ejercicio2ChainOfResponsability/Chat.java
 segundoParcial.filaA.ejercicio2ChainOfResponsability.Chat
segundoParcial/filaA/ejercicio4Strategy/OrderProfession.java
 segundoParcial.filaA.ejercicio4Strategy.OrderProfession
segundoParcial/filaA/ejercicio3Observer/IFacebook.java
 segundoParcial.filaA.ejercicio3Observer.IFacebook
segundoParcial/filaB/ejercicio1Memento/Client.java
 segundoParcial.filaB.ejercicio1Memento.Client
segundoParcial/filaB/ejercicio5State/Reiniciar.java
 segundoParcial.filaB.ejercicio5State.Reiniciar
segundoParcial/filaA/ejercicio2ChainOfResponsability/Estudiante.java
 segundoParcial.filaA.ejercicio2ChainOfResponsability.Estudiante
segundoParcial/filaA/ejercicio5State/IState.java
 segundoParcial.filaA.ejercicio5State.IState
segundoParcial/filaA/ejercicio3Observer/Person.java
 segundoParcial.filaA.ejercicio3Observer.Person
segundoParcial/filaB/ejercicio4Strategy/Cliente.java
 segundoParcial.filaB.ejercicio4Strategy.Cliente
segundoParcial/filaA/ejercicio3Observer/PostsFacebook.java
 segundoParcial.filaA.ejercicio3Observer.PostsFacebook
segundoParcial/filaA/ejercicio4Strategy/User.java
 segundoParcial.filaA.ejercicio4Strategy.User
segundoParcial/filaB/ejercicio3Observer/IWebPage.java
 segundoParcial.filaB.ejercicio3Observer.IWebPage
segundoParcial/filaA/ejercicio2ChainOfResponsability/Cliente.java
 segundoParcial.filaA.ejercicio2ChainOfResponsability.Cliente
segundoParcial/filaB/ejercicio2ChainOfResponsability/Estudiante.java
 segundoParcial.filaB.ejercicio2ChainOfResponsability.Estudiante
segundoParcial/filaA/ejercicio4Strategy/IOrderDB.java
 segundoParcial.filaA.ejercicio4Strategy.IOrderDB
segundoParcial/filaA/ejercicio1Memento/Client.java
 segundoParcial.filaA.ejercicio1Memento.Client
segundoParcial/filaA/ejercicio2ChainOfResponsability/Administrativos.java
 segundoParcial.filaA.ejercicio2ChainOfResponsability.Administrativos
segundoParcial/filaA/ejercicio1Memento/SaveDocumentCareTaker.java
 segundoParcial.filaA.ejercicio1Memento.SaveDocumentCareTaker
segundoParcial/filaA/ejercicio2ChainOfResponsability/Docente.java
 segundoParcial.filaA.ejercicio2ChainOfResponsability.Docente
segundoParcial/filaB/ejercicio4Strategy/OrderCI.java
 segundoParcial.filaB.ejercicio4Strategy.OrderCI
segundoParcial/filaB/ejercicio3Observer/RegisteredUser.java
 segundoParcial.filaB.ejercicio3Observer.RegisteredUser
segundoParcial/filaB/ejercicio3Observer/Post.java
 segundoParcial.filaB.ejercicio3Observer.Post
segundoParcial/filaB/ejercicio4Strategy/OrderDateBorn.java
 segundoParcial.filaB.ejercicio4Strategy.OrderDateBorn
segundoParcial/filaA/ejercicio5State/Prendido.java
 segundoParcial.filaA.ejercicio5State.Prendido
segundoParcial/filaB/ejercicio4Strategy/OrderProfession.java
 segundoParcial.filaB.ejercicio4Strategy.OrderProfession
segundoParcial/filaA/ejercicio5State/Apagado.java
 segundoParcial.filaA.ejercicio5State.Apagado
segundoParcial/filaB/ejercicio5State/Cliente.java
 segundoParcial.filaB.ejercicio5State.Cliente
segundoParcial/filaB/ejercicio2ChainOfResponsability/Docente.java
 segundoParcial.filaB.ejercicio2ChainOfResponsability.Docente
segundoParcial/filaB/ejercicio5State/Apagado.java
 segundoParcial.filaB.ejercicio5State.Apagado
segundoParcial/filaB/ejercicio5State/Prendido.java
 segundoParcial.filaB.ejercicio5State.Prendido
segundoParcial/filaA/ejercicio5State/Reiniciar.java
 segundoParcial.filaA.ejercicio5State.Reiniciar
segundoParcial/filaA/ejercicio4Strategy/DataBase.java
 segundoParcial.filaA.ejercicio4Strategy.DataBase
segundoParcial/filaB/ejercicio1Memento/Versions.java
 segundoParcial.filaB.ejercicio1Memento.Versions
segundoParcial/filaB/ejercicio2ChainOfResponsability/Persona.java
 segundoParcial.filaB.ejercicio2ChainOfResponsability.Persona
segundoParcial/filaA/ejercicio1Memento/Document.java
 segundoParcial.filaA.ejercicio1Memento.Document
segundoParcial/filaA/ejercicio5State/Cliente.java
 segundoParcial.filaA.ejercicio5State.Cliente
segundoParcial/filaB/ejercicio3Observer/IUser.java
 segundoParcial.filaB.ejercicio3Observer.IUser
segundoParcial/filaB/ejercicio4Strategy/DataBase.java
 segundoParcial.filaB.ejercicio4Strategy.DataBase
segundoParcial/filaB/ejercicio3Observer/PostsWebPage.java
 segundoParcial.filaB.ejercicio3Observer.PostsWebPage
segundoParcial/filaB/ejercicio1Memento/Versioner.java
 segundoParcial.filaB.ejercicio1Memento.Versioner
segundoParcial/filaA/ejercicio3Observer/Client.java
 segundoParcial.filaA.ejercicio3Observer.Client
segundoParcial/filaA/ejercicio1Memento/IDocument.java
 segundoParcial.filaA.ejercicio1Memento.IDocument
segundoParcial/filaB/ejercicio5State/IState.java
 segundoParcial.filaB.ejercicio5State.IState
segundoParcial/filaB/ejercicio4Strategy/IOrderDB.java
 segundoParcial.filaB.ejercicio4Strategy.IOrderDB
segundoParcial/filaB/ejercicio2ChainOfResponsability/Administrativos.java
 segundoParcial.filaB.ejercicio2ChainOfResponsability.Administrativos
segundoParcial/filaA/ejercicio2ChainOfResponsability/ICanalDeComunicacion.java
 segundoParcial.filaA.ejercicio2ChainOfResponsability.ICanalDeComunicacion
segundoParcial/filaA/ejercicio3Observer/Post.java
 segundoParcial.filaA.ejercicio3Observer.Post
segundoParcial/filaA/ejercicio4Strategy/OrderDateBorn.java
 segundoParcial.filaA.ejercicio4Strategy.OrderDateBorn
segundoParcial/filaA/ejercicio4Strategy/OrderName.java
 segundoParcial.filaA.ejercicio4Strategy.OrderName
segundoParcial/filaB/ejercicio1Memento/File.java
 segundoParcial.filaB.ejercicio1Memento.File
segundoParcial/filaB/ejercicio4Strategy/User.java
 segundoParcial.filaB.ejercicio4Strategy.User
segundoParcial/filaA/ejercicio1Memento/Memento.java
 segundoParcial.filaA.ejercicio1Memento.Memento
segundoParcial/filaA/ejercicio2ChainOfResponsability/Persona.java
 segundoParcial.filaA.ejercicio2ChainOfResponsability.Persona
segundoParcial/filaB/ejercicio2ChainOfResponsability/ICanalDeComunicacion.java
 segundoParcial.filaB.ejercicio2ChainOfResponsability.ICanalDeComunicacion
segundoParcial/filaB/ejercicio3Observer/Client.java
 segundoParcial.filaB.ejercicio3Observer.Client
